Add core WG notes from 2021-07-02 (#2664)
tock/tock: doc/wg/core/notes/core-notes-2021-07-02.md

# Tock Core Notes 2021-07-02

Attending:
- Alexandru Radovici
- Amit Levy
- Anthony Quiroga
- Arjun Deopujari
- Brad Campbell
- Hudson Ayers
- Johnathan Van Why
- Leon Schuermann
- Pat Pannuto
- Philip Levis

## Updates
* Johnathan: Unfortunately this only applies to RISC-V, at least with the
  current plans. On behalf of OpenTitan, LowRISC is working on an embedded
  position-independent-code spec for RISC-V that they're contributing to LLVM
  for both `clang` and `rustc`.
* Amit: That's awesome. Do we know if it's going to support the kind of
  PIC we rely on right now in ARM for C?
* Johnathan: The current plans are such that it will initially look a lot like
  that, but then it will change to be somewhat more efficient and eliminate the
  global offset table. It was specifically designed for Tock's usage.

> * Amit: That would be huge, that's great.

Reviewer: This is incredibly exciting. All the more so if it's being designed for OpenTitan explicitly. My memory from when we were first exploring this way back when is that ARM PIC does a bunch of little inefficient things that are unnecessary from a Tock perspective. The GOT being the biggest example.

* Brad: Right, but I'm still not following when. What series of events have
  happened?
* Hudson: The series of events is a capsule has called subscribe.
* Brad: Capsules don't call subscribe, processes do.
* Hudson: Yeah, so a process has called subscribe.
* Brad: But then how does the kernel check?
* Hudson: I added this check yesterday...
* Brad: Let's talk about this offline.

## Code size reduction effort update
* Hudson: I sent a PR which I don't expect to be merged until after the 2.0
  stuff settles. The high-level takeaway for the PR is we have a lot of
  high-level functionality in methods on `Grant` that are generic over the type
  in the Grant and/or closure. E.g. every time you call `Grant::enter` you
  duplicate the logic in the binary. It's generally inlined into the use site,
  and for boards like Imix that means 50 or more copies of the identical code.
  This PR moves the portions of the functions that do not rely on the generic
  parameters into non-generic functions that are marked `#[inline(never)]`. I
  then call those from the generic functions. For code that doesn't need to be
  duplicated for the generic types, you only have a single instance of those

>   function. As written, this saved about 7300 bytes on Imix. Functionallity

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  function. As written, this saved about 7300 bytes on Imix. Functionally it is
```

Author: Fixed.

(Sorry everyone for the amend + force-push, that was accidental).
